# fonts
font-family = SpaceMono Nerd Font Propo
font-size = 11

# theme
cursor-style = underline
cursor-style-blink = true
cursor-click-to-move = true
cursor-invert-fg-bg = true
adjust-underline-thickness = 1
background = #282828

# mouse
mouse-hide-while-typing = true

# window
window-padding-x = 16
window-padding-y = 16,0
window-padding-balance = true
window-decoration = false
window-save-state = always
window-theme = ghostty
gtk-single-instance = true
gtk-tabs-location = bottom
gtk-wide-tabs = true

# keybindings
keybind = ctrl+w=close_window
keybind = ctrl+q=quit
keybind = ctrl+t=toggle_tab_overview
keybind = ctrl+alt+t=new_split:auto
keybind = ctrl+h=goto_split:left
keybind = ctrl+j=goto_split:bottom
keybind = ctrl+k=goto_split:top
keybind = ctrl+l=goto_split:right
keybind = ctrl+m=toggle_split_zoom

# other
shell-integration-features = no-cursor,sudo,title
